the next type of yo-yos and it's the
type of yo-yos that you're gonna see
everyone using if you go to a contest if
you look online at anywhere else with
his videos and whatnot all bearing
yo-yos is worth that all the new tricks
we're doing all the fancy new stuff it's
because of ball bearings if you look in
a yo-yo you've got a ball bearing this
is a bulb a ruler goes in the center of
the yo-yo itself and this is actually
what the string goes around on to it
I'll show you real quick what a ball
bearing looks like inside you'll notice
this one has the circle and inside here
you've got all these little balls and
actually this is all some of the factory
of lubricant that comes in there to help
keep the rust out
but you'll notice all these little balls
go in there and what happens is these
spin around is what the yo-yo is onto
and as the yo-yo is spinning around this
because of all those little balls you've
reduced the friction so much that you
can land the yo-yo multiple times in the
string you can keep it spinning for you
know minutes on end without any problems
and it really helps improve the
performance so let me show you real
quick we got a string here the string
itself as we mentioned the two strands
of string it comes around the bearing
like so so as the yo-yo is spinning
you'll notice that bearing isn't moving
at all it's just the yoyo spinning
around it we put it together the string
is just around that one bearing as you
tighten the gap up and so because of
that bearing you can land it on the
string let it sit there and do tricks
that were just never before impossible
you'll notice with the band in there you
can land it one two three times even in
the gap and because that bearing is
spinning freely there's nothing there to
stop it from coming back to your hand or
stopping it from spinning because of
ball bearings you'll see all the tricks
we're doing today or possible